Conference call 21/2 Canberra:

About to ship second prototype for verification measurements @Lund.
Plan is that they ship it and we exchange transportation package in Lund and ship back 1st prototype.

Canberra wants to finalise the crystal dimensions asap:
	External sides (50x50x50) & edges 
	Internal (depth of hole)

They will return with more complete drawings of the full setup (~3 weeks):
	Cryocooler 
	Cooling finger
	Electronics?

Do we want the cooling finger tilted or not. They raised the concern of connecting the setup to a vaccum chamber where problems arise if tilted. 	
	Ideally we would like to have all four Compex clover aligned and placed like a wall. For them to be placed tightly the cooling finger needs to be tilted (think about this!)
	It seems like it adds some difficulties for Canberra = money?
	We should try to make our choice at some point

Optimisations of cryostat and electronics should improve properties!

With software pulse shape analysis the resolution can be further improved.

It was more or less decided that:
	The side cannisters will consist of 4 single encapsulated crystals for convenience and flexibility concerning exchange when breakdown
		This could be well established from the simulation which did not indicate any large difference between the two different onfigurations concerning efficiency.
	The back, segmented Compex need to be all 4 in 1 encapsulated in a cannister
		This was seen from the simulations which otherwise showed a great decrease in efficiency due to lack of material and "communication"

They will also measure the 2nd prototype with an Am source (-> 60 keV). 

If I understood it correctly, the preamp. is supposed to be AC-coupled in the final configuration (this should worsen the resolution).

They will try to make the walls of the cannister as thin as possible but there may be problems with bending due to pressure

The crystal we have now has a hole depth of 25 cm while the new is to have 40 cm. This increases the capacitance. 

Initially a crystal length of 50 mm was agreed to. Why not prolong it? Well, they decided to go with crystal length - 15 mm for the length of the hole and thus we have an increase in capacitance which is not desired. 
	40 mm hole: ~30 pF capacitance
	35 mm hole: ~20-25 pF capacitance

They asked if resolution of ~2 keV for high energy was ok. Hmm? Apparently the trapping is larger for higher energies.

Gain which they have used:
	200-250 mV/keV

