Plan for lp1 scanning system. 

What to do?

To do:
	Specify collimator arm (now somewhat prioritised):
		Dimensions and material
		Further simulations should be done
		Talk to Mikael Ekholm and order from work shop at BMC!?
	Guillem project -> scan the Compex prototypes
	Power supply Gertbot (Pavel)
	Cableing: Gertbot <-> motors
		Shielded!
		"Moveable"
	Calculate expected lifetimes for the linear units according to the formulas in the brochures
	
	Program and configure voltage-ramp control
		iseg
			Software installed on a stationary Windows Vista
			Need dsub9<->usb connect or PCAN-USB adaptor
				Ordered!
			All the final crystals will come with positive polarity HV -> no need to purchase more modules.

	Think about the collimator arm, how should it look like ? Make some drawings with different configurations ?
	Same thing for the top table, especially the four feet of the table.

	LYCCA:
		We need screws, determine which ones and how many
		Find rods, determine length
		Build Lycca ring
		Measure and evaluate the crystals. How?
	
	Purchase gamma sources:
		http://www.ezag.com/home/products/isotope_products/isotrak_calibration_sources/reference_sources/gamma_sources/
		Been in contact with Mikael Elfman!
		For efficiency measurements we need a calibrated Co-60 source. Should we buy?

	For future measurements:
		Measure spectroscopic features over time...
		Measure for different bias HV!





Lab
	Assemble and set up equipment

Scanning system
	
	Determine complete set up
		z-placement and movement
		What positioning table?
			Position sensitivity
			Range
			Weight stability and robustness
			Geometry (integrated hole, somehow)

	Position sensitive table
		Assemble
		Program

	Compex-crystal
		Set up, connect
		Verify Canberra measurements
			Energy resolution
			Trapping
		Acquaintance - How to treat and work with it?

	Lycca-crystals
		Set up, connect
		Characterise
			Efficiency
			Timing
	
	Student lab crystals
		Characterise
			Geant4 vs. Meas. and Physics model
		
	Complete scanning system
		DAQ - prepare scanning method
			Coincidence
			Gate?
		Data analysis
			Position vs. response
			Pulse shapes
		Geant4 simulation
			Prediction
			Comparison
		
Finished:
	Determine height adjustable platform for dewar, labjack or lyftbord
		Further investigations needed
		http://www.e-holmarc.com/product/labjack-ljss300-350/#prettyPhoto?&currency=USD
	What step motors and controllers should we purchase?
		Evaluate options obtained from rs-online and Compotech (CNC Linear comp.)
		Study motor housing alternatives from SKS
		Aratron and Compotech alternatives
	Determine height adjustable table
		What about the blue table?
			Drill hole possible?
			Height interval = ? (important if dewar min height is large)
		Is it necessary that the 2nd table is height adjustable?
	Decide the linear units and the LM guide
		Hear from PI?
			Yeah 2 proposals, but it looked expensive!
		How do we fix the linear units?
			Guillem made calculations of this and came to a package solution. Should be verified before order. 
	Determine the collimator arm
		This can be made in the workshop, contact is Mikael Ekholm. Provide a simple drawing.
		The distance going down is limited by the height of the linear units + wagon stuff
	Contact another firm (than SveMek) for Lycca holder
		SveMek seems nice here!
		Order made!
	Drawings are nice: need to see the complete system!
	3D drawing of the scanning system
	Second table : plate on top is fine, drawing is done.
	Watch "how to" videos from Canberra
	Get drawings from producers after an offer/contract
		Guillem has fixed this!


	VERY IMPORTANT:
	Plan in detail everything for 2nd





