Links

https://www.thorlabs.com/navigation.cfm?guide_id=2081
http://www.xyz-stage.com/datasheets/XY_Precision_Positioners.pdf
https://www.physikinstrumente.com/en/products/xy-stages/stages-with-motor-screw-drives/

What positioning table?
Position sensitivity: 
	Min Achievable Incremental Movement: ?

Range - x,y = 120 mm
Weight stability and robustness: collimator + lock ~ 25 kg
	Vertical load capacity: 
	Horizontal load capacity: 
Geometry
	Hole
	Collimator as close as possible to the crystal
Actuator - stepper motor controller

Linear unit on top of linear unit seems nice. ~ 20000 kr, but hole?


Dewar upside down - double trouble (leak!)

What about moving the dewar+crystal? Roughly around the same weight, but big!

Exists larger ones with a big hole. But can we scan the whole thing? 

THE ONE
4 surrounding linear units with two motors, interesting!
	Two linear units on bottom to position x with one motor controlling both
	Two linear units on top to position y with one motor controlling both
	Bearings with sliding cylinders is an option to separate much of the load from the shaft/linear unit and avoid additional motors such as 2 extra linear units
	What is the effect on the precision if the two are connected?
	Need to account for the dimensions of the absorbers, lycca crystals etc. for the supporting structure
	Integrate lycca crystals within the hole of the positioning table?


Specify number of scanning points -> precision, step length ...
So we want to study the properties of the crystal, especially those in the corners. It would be preferably to have multiple points here -> stepsize towards 2 mm.
Other than that it doesn't need to be very precise since there are too many uncertainties:
	Crystal + crystat
	Collimator on plate
	Size of beam is unclear!? (5 cm from the collimator exit -> beam diameter = 2 mm)
	Tilting angle of the table/positioning system, it gives another uncertainty! How can you measure the angle? Water drop thingy? Yes, a "level"!
	
Example: Start 0.5 cm from side and move with 1 cm to other side 5x5 points in x-y plane.

Phone call:
	Push ~30 kg
	XY-table, with hole!!!!
	Fix plates/frame
	Explain what we want to do

http://www.skssweden.se/se/_linjarprodukter
Johan Bergqvist - return with drawing 18/1
Has experiences from MAXIV/Academic

Guillem, contact PhysikInstrumente (this company seems experienced, big, short notice!!):
What was written to PI:
We want to scan a germanium crystal of surface 120mm*120mm with a
colliding beam coming from above the surface of the crystal. We thus are
looking for a setup that could scan the whole surface of that crystal with
a precision of roughly 0.1mm, carrying a maximum weight of 30kg while the
beam is focused and surrounded by lead and tungsten. The whole setup should
be motorized so that we can program the position where we want the beam to
collide with the crystal to study it and will be placed above the crystal
and its cryostat, around 1m from the ground.
Call: Does not exist a finished product, tailor made? Perhaps weight a limitation. 

Califa+Alex:
	PROBLEMS WITH NOISE ORIGINATING FROM THE MOTORS. 
	Motors are magnetically controlled.
	Proposition: pneumatic driven system
	Newmark was the company.

Linus: 
	It is possible to remotely boot and shut-off the motors. Hence when daq is ON motors should be OFF.
Dirk:
	What about r,phi movement? Rotation! Arm is needed!


Meeting SKS Sweden:
	Suggested products
		Linear unit - Maximum path = Max Standard Length?, dynamic load capacity? Just pick the right one.
		Rail bearing - Load capacity? No problem!

	Hole or arm/arms? Definitely arm. The linear unit sustains a large torque/momentum.
	Entire system:
		Supporting structure, advice?
	

	R, phi system? Not necessary

	Cost?
		~ 10000 kr per linear unit
	Time to get it? Should be in stock.

	Extras:
	For supporting structure - adjustable feet! for keeping it horizontal
	A stepping motor should be preferable. It is provided with a steps per revolution. Need to know the length per revolution which is determined by the linear unit. Johan said should have more than 200 steps/revolution, should not matter for price.
	Need to find a stepping motor which fits into the housing of the linear unit. Ask Linus.

	Affects stroke length:
		The dimensions of the collimator and the arm/head that holds it is important for the stroke length of the linear unit. 
		Also the dimensions of what we fix the linear units on might decrease the stroke length.
	Match the height of the LM guide with the linear unit.



Another meeting:
	Motor
		Software
		Noise
		Remotely boot and shut off?

Parts:
	2 equal linear units (depends a little on where we can fix them)
	1 LM guide
	Collimator arm
	Support structure:
		4 beams with connecting beams....
	1 level tool (need to be able to measure angles in x & y!)
	2 step motors:
		Cables
		Software


Contact concerning stepper motor + controller:
We are building an xy-positioning system, see attachment for sketch. It consists of two linear units, THK LM Guide Actuators:
	Marked A: Model KR2602, type A with a stroke length of 170 mm and overall length 320 mm.
	Marked B: Model KR30H, type A with a stroke length of 310 mm and overall length 470 mm. 
	Marked C: And one THK caged ball LM guide, Model SSR 15 XW with a length corresponding to the first linear unit.
We want to purchase stepper motors with controller to automatise an xy-scan. An adapter for the motor housing we can construct ourselves. 
An extending arm (coloured cyan) from one of the linear units will hold 30 kg (coloured red) which will need to be pushed.
It is important that the motors can be switched off (completely shut down) remotely because we intend to perform measurements with gamma radiation detectors when a position is reached. Speed is not important and relative uncertainties around 0.1 mm is good enough.
