Trip to Strasbourg pick up faulty crystal -> Köln, talk Jörgen Eberth and Herbert.

Canberra:
Concepts
	provisional - tillfällig
	proprietary - äganderätt
	facet - slipad rutformig yta
	amorphous - okristallisk
	
	epitaxy - deposition of crystalline overlayer on a crystalline substrate
	cannister - a small box or jar
	FET - field effective transistor. A transistor = semiconductor device that can be used to amplify or switch electronic signals and electrical power. It has three terminals (gate, drain, source). Computers!
	dielectric - electric insulator which can be polarised with an electric field. Material between plates of a capacitor.
	ballistic deficit - the effect of charge carriers not being fully collected (deficit) if shaping time is not sufficiently long (edge of detector)
	Trade-off (nice!)

Capsules - (the encapsulation) of Al. 

A crystal has a pure and an impure side. This is a consequence of the growth process where the head will be the most pure. It is important to keep track of the impurity as it e.g. governs the depletion depth for a given bias voltage. For the case of the compex crystals it should be preferred if the pure side is on the front since the depletion lengths here are larger. But why do Canberra prefer the opposite? Field? Experience?

Depending on the different crystal axes (see miller indices, for planes in the crystal) governs charge carrier mobility. This is used to optimise charge collection of a crystal. 

n-type and p-type crystals - both exists not directly affecting physical consequences, but instead the following actions, see e.g. contacts

Contacts - For the contacts one uses a metallic layer, since it is highly conducting. On the p-side one needs to add a material which adds many electrons and here B is implanted. This is a very thin layer, 0.5 µm (Compex outer contact). On the n-side, one needs to add holes, and this is achieved with Li. One says a lithium-drifted contact since: One drifts in Li in the crystal by heating a layer of Li on top of the Ge and Li atoms then drifts into the crystal a little bit and forms a proper contact. This contact width is thicker, 0.5-1 mm (Compex inner contact). The contacts functions as dead layers since ? I guess not depleted due to too high impurity concentration.

AC and DC-coupled preamplifier depends on n-side or p-side. P-side needs to be AC-coupled, i.e. a capacitor in parallel, due to the HV which the electrical components cannot withstand. The n-side can be DC-coupled and this suppresses the noise strength since there is not another component in the system. The electronic noise is simply an uncertainty in the electron charge carriers which increases the more components that are inserted to the circuit. However, this noise difference only has a practical effect in the case of Ge-detectors since for Si in room temperature the noise is too large anyways.

A so called passivation is made on the rear face of the crystal to protect it from oxidisation. This is a very thin layer of SiO2!?. It affects the electric field within the crystal and can in this way affect the efficiency and the resolution of the crystal near this part of the crystal. 

Causes of trapping (Canberra thoughts):
	configuration - dimensions of cooling finger -> charge carrier path lengths.
	Large amount of impurities
	drilled hole on the impure side (not the usual approach)

Köln:
Random:
FWTM/FWHM <= 1.8 (AGATA) is a measure of the asymmetry of peaks. 

45 pF capacity for the AGATA crystals. 

Cryostat optimisation should not affect the resolution a lot.

We do not have a customer acceptance test. 

Passivation:
A passivation with SiO2 does not really fit with Ge. The crystal lattice shape/structure? does not really go hand in hand. Surface charge+electric field perturbation increase noise (also dead layer). UNCLEAR!!!!!!!

A methanol layer passivation should be preferrable. However, not atmosphere, but within encapsulation should work. 

Trapping:
The trapping should have the largest effects on the resolution and not so much the geometry. With a sufficient shaping time all charge should be collected. But, with a longer collection time the risk of trapping should be increased, but how large is this effect?

If one has trapping: pulse shape analysis -> interaction point which then opens up for a correction of the trapping through a simple energy shift. For AGATA this resulted in -0.1 keV resolution. In principle this could work also for compex. Bit it relies on some kind of asymmetry of teh crystal, otherwise pulse shapes around a symmetry axis would be identical and if this does not match the trapping at these locations corrections might be called although not needed. 

Electron and hole trapping. What differs them?

The physical background for electron trapping is unclear.

Neutron damage:
This is the removal/movement of an atom in crystal lattice through recoil/elastic scattering. It affects the hole collection and worsens the resolution for p-readout. However, it is not important for n-readout. It might be so that due to the lower hole mobility it has a larger effect on the p-signal. 

Practical recommendations:
Measure capacitance vs. bias voltage. From such a measurement one can know when the detector is depleted when the capacitance stays constant, and hence also, from the capacitance, the impurity concentration. 

For scanning with pulse shape matching 100 MHz sampling fq. should be nice. 
This is performed at Strasbourg University! with a Cs source. A talk was given at AGATA week at Orsay 2016!?

2 pole zero cancellation controls:
	In preamp.
	In shaper

It is very important with good and clean grounding! (test with standard Ge crystal with good resolution and compare)

Specifications are always important!! 

For digital electronics: the decay constant is very important to be precise. Not enough with visual check, need to observe resolution with the change of the parameter. 

Scanning table: By hand very tedious and uncertain. AGATA crystal - 4 mm step length and several months/crystal. 

Collimator should be of Cu, less back scattering than Pb? 1 mm hole and > 10 cm length ?, and zikzak pattern to stop scattered escapes. 

They are working with a new encapsulation technique with a removable lid instead of molded. This opens up for modifications in within capsule freely. 

How can the electric field be calculated? 

With warm-up the lithium drifts more into the crystal. Hence, the dead layer at the n-contact increases and decreases both efficiency and resolution of the crystal. -> Try to keep it cooled as much as possible. 

